Yo mama's so fat, her Patronus is a cake.
Yo mama's so dumb, she tried to download more RAM.
Yo mama's so old, her birth certificate is a 404 Not Found error.
Yo mama's so classless, she's a Marxist utopia.
Yo mama's so ugly, her reflection filed a restraining order.
Yo mama's so poor, she puts her TV on layaway.
Yo mama's so nasty, she makes onions cry.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so dumb, she stared at a carton of orange juice for an hour because it said "concentrate".
Yo mama so old, she has a Bible signed by the author.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, her reflection ducks.
Yo mama so fat, Thanos had to clap twice.
Yo mama so slow, she gets lapped by the loading screen.
Yo mama so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Yo mama so stupid, she thinks a quarterback is a refund.
Yo mama so ugly, her portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama so poor, ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama's aura is the color of expired mayonnaise.
You're the human embodiment of a buffering TikTok at 1 AM.
Blud thinks he's the main character, but he's just the unskippable tutorial NPC.
You have negative rizz. You have a restraining order from charisma itself.
Bro is NOT cooking. The kitchen is on fire and Gordon Ramsay is crying.
Your brain got hit with the Fanum Tax and now it's just an empty lot.
You're so deep in delusion, your "delulu" is not the "solulu," it's the "problulu".
You're not mewing, you're having a silent seizure.
Your entire personality is an ad for a VPN.
You're the reason they put "Satire" tags on obviously fake news.
You have the situational awareness of a rock in a washing machine.
Your family tree is a stump.
I've seen more complex life forms in a puddle of stagnant water.
You're the human equivalent of a single, lukewarm french fry at the bottom of the bag.
If ignorance is bliss, you're living in a perpetual state of cosmic orgasm.
The only culture you have is the bacteria growing on your unwashed dishes.
You're not a clown, you're the entire circus that was condemned for safety violations.
Your only contribution to the world will be your eventual decomposition, which will probably pollute the soil.
The best part of you ran down your mother's leg.
You are the beta test for a human being that was immediately cancelled.
Your genetic code is a typo.
Shakal aisi hai jaise bachpan mein poliodrops ki jagah acid pila diya ho.
Teri personality itni boring hai ki log tere paas neend ki goli maangne aate hain.
Isko paida karne ke baad, iski mummy ne Google pe search kiya 'How to undo'.
Teri shakal pe GST laga de toh desh ki economy theek ho jaaye.
Tu itna bada chomu hai, tujhe dekh ke Oxford ne dictionary se 'moron' शब्द hi hata diya.
You have the aura of an unread email.
Your drip is negative, you are a drought.
The rizz is not rizzing, it's actively repelling.
Blud thought he was the alpha, but he's not even in the Greek alphabet.
Bro thinks he can mog everyone, but he gets mogged by his own shadow.
It's giving 'I peaked in a dream I once had'.
Your existence is a 404 Error: Purpose not found.
People tolerate you the way they tolerate the EULA before installing software.
If I wanted to kill myself, I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard, a priest, and a hazmat team.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I've had kidney stones with more charisma than you.
You are a genetic dead-end. The universe breathed a sigh of relief.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why you seemed bright until you opened your mouth.
You're as sharp as a marble and twice as dense.
I've met door knobs with more personality and a higher purpose.
You're the reason aliens fly past Earth and lock their doors.
It's impossible to underestimate you. You always find a new shovel to dig deeper.
You're the human embodiment of a WiFi signal with one bar that keeps disconnecting.
Paida hote hi ammi abbu ne 'delete' option kyu nahi dhunda?
You're the kind of person who would get hit by a parked car.
You look like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
I'd call you a cunt, but you lack both the warmth and the depth.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a more coherent argument.
I would roast you, but my mom told me not to burn trash.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
You have a face for radio and a voice for a silent film.
Every time I think you can't get any dumber, you prove me wrong with spectacular enthusiasm.
Remember that time you had an original thought? Me neither.
You're so dense, you make a black hole look like a feather.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn't be enough to mess up your hair.
Somewhere, a village is missing its idiot. Let them know you're safe.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parents' job.
Your personality is like a screen door on a battleship.
You're the human equivalent of a loading screen that's stuck at 99%.
You're the reason they invented the middle finger.
Your only purpose in life is as a cautionary tale.
You're so uncultured, you think yogurt is a country.
The only way you'll ever get hurt is if you fall off your ego.
You're the result of what happens when you skip a lesson on contraception.
You have the right to remain silent, and I strongly encourage you to use it. Permanently.
You're not a complete idiot... some parts are still missing.
You're the type of person to search for a video on how to use a search engine.
When you were born, the doctor slapped your mom for bringing you into this world.
I've forgotten more than you'll ever know, and I have amnesia.
You're like a broken pencil... pointless.
You are the opposite of a good time.
You're as welcome as a porcupine in a balloon factory.
I bet you think HTML is a venereal disease.
Some day you'll go far. And I really hope you stay there.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you.
You're an expert at one thing: disappointing others on an industrial scale.
Keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find a brain back there.
You're the kind of person who would drown in a rainstorm while looking up with their mouth open.
You're not just a clown, you're the entire failing circus industry.