Yo mama so black, when she turns off the lights the roaches start paying rent.
Yo mama so retarded she thinks “Down syndrome” is a dance move and keeps trying to hit the quan.
You’re the human version of a participation trophy — nobody actually wanted you, but here you are anyway.
Your face looks like God got drunk and tried to finger-paint with his own shit.
Yo mama so nasty her coochie smells like it’s been marinating in regret and government cheese since 1997.
You’re so ugly even the abortion clinic said “nah we good fam”.
Your mom should’ve swallowed you — would’ve been the smartest decision she ever made.
You look like the before picture in a “don’t do meth” campaign poster.
Yo breath so bad it made the COVID virus wear two masks.
You’re the reason they test condoms for leakage.
Your dad’s the real MVP — he pulled out too late and still missed.
You’re so slow even your shadow overtakes you when you walk away from a mirror.
Yo mama so fat when she wears yellow people yell “taxi!”
You’re giving “incel who peaked in the womb” energy.
Your personality is so trash even landfills have standards.
You’re the reason birth control exists in pill, patch, IUD, and “just abort it” flavors.
Yo mama so poor she can’t even pay attention.
You look like you were conceived during a power outage — nobody saw that shit coming and nobody wanted it.
Your aura is the color of a used diaper left in a hot car.
You’re so dumb you failed art class because you couldn’t draw breath.
Yo mama so old she has an original MySpace page with Tom still in her top 8.
You’re the genetic proof that natural selection sometimes takes a smoke break.
Your face is the reason they invented the phrase “God gave with both hands… and then punched”.
You’re so retarded you make special-ed kids feel like geniuses.
Yo mama so black when she wears high-vis she disappears.
Your whole bloodline deserves a class-action lawsuit for emotional damages.
You’re the walking argument for retroactive abortion.
Yo mama so fat her belt size is “equator”.
You have the sexual charisma of a deflated whoopee cushion.
Your mom’s onlyfans is just crime scene photos.
You’re so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your dad instead.
Yo mama so nasty she got kicked out of a crackhouse for being too dirty.
You’re the human equivalent of stepping in gum… on a hot day… while wearing flip-flops.
Your existence is what happens when natural selection gets drunk and hits “randomize”.
Yo mama so old her first period was written in cuneiform.
You look like the result of what happens when two cousins lose a game of beer pong.
Your brain runs on dial-up and someone cut the phone line.
You’re so useless even your shadow leaves when the lights go out.
Yo mama so fat she has more chins than a Chinese phone book.
You’re the reason vasectomies should be mandatory after 2 AM.
Your personality is so dry it makes the Sahara look like a water park.
You’re proof that God has a sense of humor — just not a very nice one.
Yo mama so ugly she made One Direction go the other way.
You’re so retarded even Siri says “I’m not qualified to help with that level of stupid”.
Your birth was the original blue screen of death.
You have the jawline of a melted action figure and the personality to match.
Yo mama so black NASA used her as camouflage during night launches.
You’re the human version of Comic Sans in all caps.
Your mom should’ve named you “Plan B” because that’s what you were.
You’re so ugly your Tinder profile pic is just static.
Yo mama so poor when she farts her pants say “shh we’re broke”.
Teri maa ki choot itni badi hai ki Google Maps usme navigation kho jata hai.
Teri behen itni thok di jaati hai ki uska WhatsApp status "Busy" 24/7 rehta hai.
Your mom’s pussy so wide even the Grand Canyon said “damn, that’s spacious”.
You’re the human equivalent of a cum sock that’s been left in the sun for three summers.
Your face looks like it was designed in MS Paint by a toddler on bath salts.
Your dad jerked off into a McDonald’s napkin and that napkin raised you better than he did.
You’re so ugly the blind community threw a party when you were born.
Your mom’s OnlyFans is just footage of her arguing with the bill collector.
You look like what happens when two meth heads lose a game of Russian roulette.
Your breath smells like you French-kissed a landfill at 3 a.m.
You’re the reason Planned Parenthood has a “frequent customer” punch card.
Your family reunion is just a support group for people who regret raw-dogging.
You’re so retarded even the Special Olympics committee sent you a “thanks but no thanks” letter.
Your mom’s coochie got more mileage than a 1998 Toyota Corolla with no brakes.
You’re proof God makes mistakes and sometimes forgets to hit “undo”.
Your dick so small even your hand ghosts you mid-stroke.
You look like the “after” picture in a “don’t do fentanyl” PSA.
Your mom so nasty her yeast infection has its own Instagram fan page.
You’re the walking argument for why some people should’ve been swallowed.
Your personality is so trash even recycling plants reject you.
You’re so black when you turn sideways you become a power outage.
Your mom’s ass so big it has its own zip code and bad credit score.
You’re the genetic dead-end that even Darwin said “nah fam, abort mission”.
Your face looks like it lost a fight with a cheese grater and then lost again to regret.
You’re so dumb you think “Down syndrome” is a new TikTok dance challenge.
Your mom’s pussy so loose it echoes when she farts.
You look like the result of what happens when incest wins the genetic lottery.
Your existence is what happens when natural selection takes a sick day.
You’re so ugly even Photoshop files you under “do not open”.
Your mom so fat when she sits around the house… she sits AROUND the house.
You’re the human version of clickbait — nobody wants to see the full thing.
Your brain got deleted before the factory reset even finished.
You’re so useless even your shadow calls in sick.
Your mom’s coochie got more traffic than the Mumbai local train at 9 a.m.
You look like God tried to make a human and accidentally made roadkill.
You’re so retarded even the R-word asked for a name change.
Your family tree is just a straight vertical line with question marks.
Your mom so nasty she makes raw sewage look like Evian.
You’re the reason some states still allow first-cousin marriage — population control.
Your dick so small it’s classified as carry-on luggage.
You’re so ugly your birth was recorded as a hate crime.
Your mom’s ass so big NASA uses it to hide satellites.
You’re the living proof that some abortions should be retroactive.
Your personality is so dry it makes sandpaper look like lube.
You look like what happens when two crackheads share one brain cell.
Your mom so loose even the black hole said “girl same”.
You’re so stupid you failed clown college for lack of personality.
Your face looks like it was drawn by a blind person with Parkinson’s.
You’re the reason vasectomies should be mandatory at puberty.
Your mom’s pussy so big it has better Wi-Fi than your house.
You’re so ugly when you cry even your tears file for divorce.
Your existence is an unsolved cold case of “who asked”.
You look like the “before” picture in every plastic surgery ad ever.
Your mom so fat her shadow has type 2 diabetes.
You’re so retarded you make window-lickers look like physicists.
Your dick so small even your hand has performance anxiety.
You’re the human version of a software update nobody installs.
Your mom’s coochie got more visitors than the Taj Mahal.
You look like what happens when evolution hits “skip”.
You’re so useless even donate-a-kidney campaigns reject you.
Your face is the reason they invented the phrase “Goddamn”.
Your mom so nasty even flies wear condoms around her.
You’re the genetic glitch that should’ve been patched in beta.
Your personality is so garbage even landfills sue for defamation.
You’re so ugly your mirror filed a harassment lawsuit.
Your mom’s ass so big it causes its own gravitational pull.
You look like the result of a threesome between regret, failure, and bad decisions.
You’re so dumb you think “special ed” is a VIP section.
Your mom so loose she could smuggle a family of four in there.
You’re the reason some people believe in retroactive birth control.
Your face looks like it was rejected by the uncanny valley.
You’re so black even midnight says “damn bro turn on a light”.
Your mom’s pussy so wide even the Pacific Ocean feels inadequate.
You’re the human equivalent of expired milk with feelings.
You look like God sneezed mid-creation and forgot to wipe.
Your dick so small it’s legally considered a clitoris.
You’re so retarded even the short bus driver said “nah you walk”.
Your mom so fat when she wears red people yell “Kool-Aid!”.
You’re the reason warning labels exist on shampoo bottles.
Your personality is so trash even landfills have “no entry” signs for you.
You look like what happens when two siblings lose at hide-and-seek.
Your mom’s coochie got more legends than the Bermuda Triangle.
You’re so ugly even the dark web won’t host your pics.
You’re the living embodiment of “should’ve pulled out”.
Your face is why some animals eat their young.
You’re so useless even autocorrect ignores you.
Your mom so nasty her STDs have STDs.
You look like the “aftermath” in every drunk decision story.
You’re so retarded the R-word sent you a cease-and-desist.
Your mom’s ass so big it has its own weather system.
You’re the reason Darwin’s theory needs an asterisk.
Your entire bloodline deserves to be labeled “return to sender”.